Now that we've explored the Prediction Problem,
we're now ready to move on to the Control Problem.
So, how might an agent learn an optimal policy through interaction with the environment?
It's truly exciting that we've gotten to
a point in the course where we can answer this question.
To understand the algorithm for Monte-Carlo Control,
It will prove useful to first revisit what we did in the Dynamic Programming setting.
In that setting, the first control algorithm we examined was Policy Iteration.
It proceeded as a sequence of evaluation and improvement
steps where the evaluation step was allowed to run close to convergence.
Truncated Policy Iteration was a little bit different
where instead of forcing the evaluation staff to converge,
we instead performed only a fixed number of sweeps through the state's spase.
Value Iteration involved doing only one sweep in
the evaluation step before advancing to the improvement step.
Although these algorithms have some differences,
it will prove useful to focus on what they have in common.
And we'll use the term "Generalized Policy Iteration"
to refer to this general process without
imposing any constraints on how many sweeps of
policy evaluation there are or how close it's allowed to run to convergence.
And even though we developed these ideas and the dynamic programming setting,
all of the reinforcement learning methods we'll
investigate in this course fall under this format.
In the next video, we'll use these ideas to specify an algorithm for Monte-Carlo Control.